You've been building up a solid foundation of programming and data analysis skills.
And in this section,
I'm excited to introduce you to one more self-driving car tool, computer vision.
Computer vision is how machines like
self-driving cars visually perceive the world and respond to it.
Imagine that you're driving a car,
you have to use your senses to notice pedestrians,
other cars, bicyclists, and all the road and traffic markings around you.
This is similar to how a self-driving cars sees the world.
It gathers data through cameras and other sensors,
and then uses that input to safely navigate and move through the world.
In this lesson, we'll learn about common computer vision techniques that are used
to analyze camera images and extract important information from them,
like the color or shape of different objects.
We'll also briefly talk about
machine learning and how it's used in combination with computer vision
to give machines a way to learn from data and
recognize patterns in images. Let's get started.